Merchant Name
Default Text
Dialogue Text 1
Dialogue Text 2
Dialogue Text Final
Goodbye Text
Not Enough Money Text
Invalid Item Text


Starty John
Howdy! What can I do for you?
Yessir, the world here seems to have gone mighty south since them monsters showed up. If you're plannin' to take them on I'd be real careful.
That Emperor Reyalp is a real son of a gun. And his first-in-command Arbiter ain't no pushover either. Keep your wits about you friend.
Well, if you're gonna go get yourself into trouble, might as well spend your last few days at Starty John's old shack, huh? Have a drink, on the house!
You're always welcome back!
Sorry pal. Seems you don't have enough moneyDollars.
Sorry pal. I ain't got that item in stock.


Professor Yeh
hello! can you hear me well?
emperor reyalp? yes, they say he was the one who created all of these scary monsters. he seems like a scary guy. i heard his top general likes lord of the rings though. 
there's only a limited number of moneyDollars in the world friend. make sure you spend yours wisely.
me? yes, i sell many things here that you may find useful. please, take a look around!
have a nice day!
need more moneyDollars.
actually, that's not a valid item.


The Dark Dealer
(The hatted trench coat figure looks at you skeptically. The dark, dank building fills the air with unease.)
...I used to be a criminal...Black market...Mafia...Hits for cash...But Reyalp...Reyalp is not to be messed with.
...You know the creatures you've seen around?...Something about them rubs me the wrong way...Like they're more than just mindless creatures.
...Reyalp knows something big...The best thing you can do is follow your values...
(The figure looks at you wistfully). Stay safe friend.
I may be out of the criminal world, but I still need to live. Get the moneyDollars or get out.
Not for sale.


Dr. Cynth
(The scruffed yet smart looking woman looks you over analytically. There's a coffee stain on her labcoat). What can I do for you?
So you're our hero huh? I've heard about you and how you want to end Reyalp's invasion. I hope you're prepared for the worst.
You see, the way he created these creatures involves something supernatural...something out of this world. And he uses humans as the base. It haunts me every night.
Well, I've been researching Reyalp's creatures extensively, and I might have some things that could be helpful for you. For a price of course. I need to keep my lab running.
I wish you luck. Keep science on your side.
Sorry, but I have a lab to run. I'm gonna need more moneyDollars than that.
Scientifically, the item you just chose was invalid. Scientifically, of course.
